Replace instances of "vertical ellipsis" with "options icon" (#4811)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-and-disabling-repositories-on-hosts.adoc

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*,
. Select a host.
. On the *Content* tab, click the *Repository sets* tab.

> . Click the options icon to choose *Override to disabled* or *Override to enabled* to disable or enable repositories on hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the options icon and select *Override to disabled* or *Override to enabled* to disable or enable repositories on hosts.
```

suggestion (non-blocking): reword.

Some other changes continue with "and" because users first click the icon and then click something else afterwards. What do you think?
